Improve fdas (#236)
telefonicaid/fiware-data-access: doc/AdvancedTopics/multi_instance_coverage.md

FDA queryability is explicitly tied to first successful fetch completion:

-   First provisioning creates a one-row parquet synchronously.

> -   First provisioning in `validationMode=strict` performs synchronous schema introspection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   First provisioning with `validationMode` set to `strict` performs synchronous schema introspection.
```
